readme.md, before:

# Search plugin for [RefineryCMS](http://www.refinerycms.com)
[Github](http://github.com/resolve/refinerycms)

By: [Resolve Digital](http://www.resolvedigital.com)

## Plugin Installation

Just 'git clone' Refinery, install this as a plugin using:

    script/plugin install git://github.com/resolve/refinerycms-search.git
    
*Rails 3*
    
    rails plugin install git://github.com/resolve/refinerycms-search.git

You'll also need to create a page (from the 'Pages' tab) with a custom URL of '/search'.  You can set a custom URL for a page in the Advanced Options.  It's probably also a good idea to uncheck the 'show in menu' option for this page.

Remember to restart your server.

A sample search form can be found in views/shared/_search.html.erb .  You can either use this partial directly, or copy the appropriate parts.

## Searching in plugins

The default installation will search in Pages.  If you wish to find results in other plugins you have created or installed, you can specify these in 'config/settings.rb' like so:

    Refinery.searchable_models = [Page]

Simply add any additional models you wish to search to this array.  For example, if you have the [portfolio plugin](http://github.com/resolve/refinerycms-portfolio) installed:

    Refinery.searchable_models = [Page, PortfolioEntry]
    
*Rails 3*

Update ln 11 in search_engine.rb

    [Page, PortfolioEntry].each do |model|

Any model you wish to search will need to be indexed using acts as indexed. To add indexing, simple add

    acts_as_indexed :fields => [:title, :body]

If your model doesn't use a :title attribute, remember to use an alias_attribute:

    alias_attribute :title, :name #for example

to the model. Obviously, replaced the indexed fields with those appropriate for your model.  The above line will add indexing to PortfolioEntry in the portfolio plugin, which does not come indexed.

If you wish to override the url used in the search results, add a 'url' method to your model, and the result of this method will be used instead.

*Rails 3 Notes*

This was a quick patch to make this plugin work acceptably for RefineryCMS in rails3. Conversion to an engine would be preferable.

Commit message:

Converted to a Rails3/Refinery CMS engine.

readme.md, after:

# Search plugin for [RefineryCMS](http://www.refinerycms.com)
[Github](http://github.com/resolve/refinerycms)

By: [Resolve Digital](http://www.resolvedigital.com)

## Installation

Simply use this by adding the following to your ``Gemfile``:

    gem 'refinerycms-search', '~> 0.9.8'

You'll also need to create a page (from the 'Pages' tab) with a custom URL of '/search'.
You can set a custom URL for a page in the Advanced Options.
It's probably also a good idea to uncheck the 'show in menu' option for this page.

Remember to restart your web server.

A sample search form can be found in [views/shared/_search.html.erb](http://github.com/blob/master/app/views/shared/_search.html.erb).
You can either use this partial directly, or copy the appropriate parts.

## Searching

The default installation will search in Pages.  
If you wish to find results in other plugins you have created or installed, you can specify these in ``config/settings.rb`` like so:

    Refinery.searchable_models = [Page]

Simply add any additional models you wish to search to this array.  For example, if you have the [portfolio plugin](http://github.com/resolve/refinerycms-portfolio) installed:

    Refinery.searchable_models = [Page, PortfolioEntry]

Any model you wish to search will need to be indexed using acts as indexed. To add indexing, simple add:

    acts_as_indexed :fields => [:title, :body]

If your model doesn't use a ``:title attribute``, remember to add an ``alias_attribute``:

    alias_attribute :title, :name #for example

You will need to replace the indexed fields with those appropriate for your model.
The above line will add indexing to PortfolioEntry in the portfolio plugin, which does not come indexed.

If you wish to override the url used in the search results just add a ``url`` method to your model and the result of this method will be used instead.
